#  Bluetooth
- speacher: pro. Tseng
- date: 2025-8-18
- class 10

#vb #bluetooth####

##  藍芽模組連接與設定
0. 進入設定模式
- 按住藍芽模組開關時插拔USB，等待指示燈變成慢閃(2s/次)，
- ArduinoIDE選擇tool => port => COM3(對應); tool => Serial Monitor
1. 確定驅動
裝置管理員-COM3
2. 指令
等待OK回復
serial port-command

設定藍芽裝置名稱
- AT+NAME=C107

查看裝置名稱
- AT+NAME?

設定密碼
- AT+PSWD?
- AT+PSWD=5678

設定傳輸速率
- AT+UART=9600,0,0
- AT+UART?

檢查角色
- AT+ROLE?
- 0 主模式主動, 1 從模式被動

設定原廠模式
- AT+ORGL

3. 其他檢查
- USB設定時請接電腦背側接版
- windows11 網路=>其他裝置=>藍芽=>COM4, 匯出, BT08'serial port' 指定到app
- putty : 指定COM, terminal=9600,0,0,none,none




1.
Question 1
Which two characteristics describe Ethernet technology? (Choose two.)

done
It is supported by IEEE 802.3 standards.
It uses unique MAC addresses to ensure that data is sent to the appropriate destination.

2
They must be globally unique.

3

What is the special value assigned to the first 24 bits of a multicast MAC address transporting an IPv4 packet?
 01-00-5E

4
What will a host on an Ethernet network do if it receives a frame with a unicast destination MAC address that does not match its own MAC address?
It will discard the frame.

5
Which network device makes forwarding decisions based on the destination MAC address that is contained in the frame?
Switch

6
Which network device has the primary function to send data to a specific destination based on the information found in the MAC address table?
Switch

7
Which function or operation is performed by the LLC sublayer?
It communicates with upper protocol layers.

Question 8
What happens to runt frames received by a Cisco Ethernet switch?
The frame is dropped.

Question 10
What is auto-MDIX?
A feature that detects Ethernet cable typ​e

Question 11
What type of address is 01-00-5E-0A-00-02?
An address that reaches a specific group of hosts

Question 12
Which statement is true about MAC addresses?
The first three bytes are used by the vendor assigned OUI.

13
What are the two sizes (minimum and expected maximum) of an Ethernet frame? (Choose two.)
64 bytes
1518 bytes


14
Which two functions or operations are performed by the MAC sublayer? (Choose two.)

done
It is responsible for Media Access Control.
It adds a header and trailer to form an OSI Layer 2 PDU.